Now, I got receipts, guys. All of you
make this a clip in all your channels.
You have my permission to take my stuff,
but let people know where my own channel
is. Listen, buddy. When you sayvelt,
you're saying I'm getting fatter. You're
not helping me, loser.
Means I'm getting fatter.
So far, here this is XLR. It's loose.
Pray God heal me of vice vanity and ego,
right? And body dysmorphia.
So, I'm waiting to fit in large. I got a
lot of large shirts and I'm not going to
buy any more shirts until I fit there by
faith. Okay.
Anyway, man, forget about it, dude.
Anyway, my love handle sucks. Okay, we
ready?
I got receipts. Guess what? I'm going to
show you the receipts.
Saturday, I get a call
from Vincent Oshana of Patrick the
David.
Are you ready?
Let me give you the receipts.
He's in the car.
Who's with him?
Receipts.
Vincent Oana is with Patrick and David.
They call me
Patrick and Vincent and his boys.
Listen,
they tell me that Eddie of the Dean show
has reached out to Patrick. He wants to
come on Patrick show with Uman Fibben
Ketchup Boy Utman Iben Fibben Faruk
who's pretty much been destroyed,
discredited
by apologists like Avery and because of
what he did, they talk about scandal. He
took
his fellow Muslim friend's wife as a
second wife and he staged a fake
and when a Muslim reporter exposed him,
he got thrown out of the mosque
and never provided receipts. But guess
what? They called me. They asked me
and they told me, "Would I be willing to
come up and debate him and Eddie
on PBD and who would I invite?" I said,
"Yes." And
I want to bring up Avery God Logic.
Avery God Logic. I got the receipts.
Avery is listening. So I spoke to Avery.
He's all on board because Utman is in
Florida and we had to do it immediately.
I go, "All right, Avery has one
condition. It's got to be done before
the 5th. He's got to be back by the
fourth because he got to teach at a
church at the fifth." So, all right,
we'll get back to you. Now, watch.
I hate flying and I will debate if
necessary to put people in their place
because I don't fear these guys. So, I
thought I'll be shocked if this guy will
accept the challenge. And then I also
told Avery,
what if
Nick and you join together to take them
down in case I don't go up? Because
again,
I know Uman runs his mouth, but when
he's given a platform to face me where
he can't talk over me, he knows I will
destroy him and end his career like
Jesus's life. So he goes, "Sure." So I
talk to Nick. I go, "Hey, Nick,
just in case, would you be willing to
team up with Avery and do a twoon two
cuz you guys are the next generation.
You're the young blood. So, I want you
to go forward because you will do an
excellent job of destroying them. He
goes, "Sure." Now,
I didn't tell Patrick Bed about plan B
bringing up Nick. So, we waited and I
got a message today. So Patrick Bedavit
responded to Eddie Dine Show and said,
"Look,
will you and Otman
discuss on my
podcast with Sam Shimon and Avery?"
Sam Shimon and Avery. I got the message
today. Here it is.
You ready? Receipts. Utman ran again
like Aisha did playing with dolls. You
ready? Receipts, baby.
You guys want to see it? Text message
today. Today. Receipts.
You guys ready?
You ready?
Come on.
Asam. The Muslims Pat reached out to
were not willing to do the podcast with
you and Avery. In my opinion, they were
scared. And I said, "Yeah, I knew it.
They're definitely scared. Did you see
it?
Receipts don't lie, homie.
Opportunity to face me and Avery on
Patrick David
where man can't talk over you and cut
you off because we'll bury and pulverize
him.
And Eddie and Utman said, "No, thank
you."
It's got logic. Now if they muster some
courage we can do it in the future and
next year if man definitely has the
courage to face me I'll definitely
debate him and his career like Jesus
woman's life but for the record let me
repeat I do not care to debate.
I told Avery this and I told Nick this.
I will debate only if I have to to put
blasphemers in that piece place and
teach them the fear of God. Brother, we
don't use this. Please don't use L M A
O. Teach them the fear of God. Be used
by the Holy Spirit to crush their mouths
and their blasphemies. I'll do it. But
if I can, I prefer not to debate. This
is me. And you guys know it's not
because I'm scared of debating.
I just don't like
debating. One more time. You want me to
repeat it to you, brother? Or you slow?
You want me to get you out of here? Here
it is again. The Muslims Pat reached out
to were not willing to do the podcast
with you and Avery.
You want me to read it 10 more times
before it sinks in get you out of here?
Because the Muslims are Eddie of the
Dean showman because Utman is in
Florida. So they wanted Patrick Bed
David to plot for them so they can nail
Patrick Bedavid knowing that Patrick be
his forte is not Islam.
Let me repeat.
I don't care to debate, but I will. I
will destroy Muhammad Aabman,
Muslim metaphysician, Daniel Kikachu in
debates if I have to, but debates
that I know will end their career and
destroy Islam like Jesus's life. So, I
know what topics to debate,
but otherwise, I don't care to debate.
I'm letting you know I don't care to
debate.
I really don't.
I would rather answer questions than
objections and do live streams. But if I
have to, I will. May it be for the glory
of the Father, the glory of the Lord
Jesus Christ, the glory of the Holy
Spirit. But
unless it's necessary, I don't care for
debates. People want debates. I don't
care for it. I don't
here. I've gotten to a point in my age
for me. The Almighty trying God is
sovereign to use even your mistakes,
weaknesses, imperfections, even your sin
to bring about his perfect will and save
people. But it doesn't mean debates are
conducive.
I've challenged you and I'll challenge
you again.
Read the Bible.
When the Lord Jesus and the apostles
were confronted by blasphemers,
swines, spiritual dogs, tools of Satan,
who had no interest in learning the
truth or converting, but want wanted to
only oppose
and
object because they were tools of Satan.
Our Lord Jesus and his followers did not
dignify them by giving platform. They
tore them to shreds, would insult them,
humiliate them, silence them, and
embarrass them.
Go watch it. Even Apollos
when he
refuted the Jews, it's because he was
destroying their objections,
embarrassing them, silencing their lies,
which encourage Christians. Acts
18:24-28.
So, as I get older, the more I see
debates are useless for me anyway.
I They're useless. I I don't In fact, if
you want proof they're useless, go watch
the comment sections
of the debaters channels. For example,
if you have a debate between a Christian
Muslim, go to the Christian channel and
you're going to see all the Christians
saying the Christian one. Go to the
Muslim channel and you're going to hear
all the Muslims saying the Muslim one.
You understand the point?
This why I don't care for it anymore. I
know I can get more numbers if I do
spiritual you see open challenge and I
will do that once in a while. Listen,
may God make me a man of integrity and
holiness and purity and not a hypocrite
and not fake. May I be a man of
integrity and truly love the Lord when
no one's watching me.
I will do occasionally open challenges
and I'll agree to debate if William Lane
like William Alrech invites me but I
could do a lot more if I did spiritual
UFC debates like people go on TikTok and
I would get a lot more but it's it's not
worth it because what it does is the
people that go there end up no longer
focusing on Jesus Christ learning the
scriptures learning soundex of Jesus
learning how to obey the Lord, how to
fear the Lord, how to live for the Lord,
learning how
to live out the faith and the love of
Christ. But they're there because they
want to see people destroyed and buried
and it feeds their ego and then it
becomes
a spiritual
where it's no longer about Christ but
destroying the opposition. If you don't
believe me, go see it.
Go see it. Go see on the channels.
That's not for me anymore. Maybe because
I'm getting older. I'm 53,
you know, and I just don't care for it
anymore.
Right. I just don't care for it anymore.
If I have to, I will to put dogs in
their place to show them I don't fear
them. I don't fear them because I'll
destroy them easily because Islam is
Muhammad is in Jesus is a lie. But
I will do that to silence their
blasphemy, strengthen Christians. But
you know what? I don't care to do it
anymore. I really don't. I'm being
honest with you. I don't I don't like
that scene. Right? And that just tells
you Avery
is a wonderful young man who loves the
Lord. Nick, wonderful young man, loves
the Lord. They're the upand cominging
apologists that God will use. And so for
those of you who think that Avery took
sides, no. Avery is on the side of Jesus
Christ. He's not for nor is he against
me. He's not for nor against David Wood.
He's for Jesus. And I frankly wouldn't
want him to platform me because I don't
want him to have to address the drama
that unfortunately David would and I are
currently undergoing because David made
a mistake. God forgive him. Opening his
mouth and then quoting a text which was
defamatory and a lie. And he knows it's
a lie. I didn't do what my ex-wife
accused, but God forgive him. I love
David. I'll always have his back. In
fact, on Twitter, I have his back. I'm
going after the Muslims. Every time they
accuse David of what he did or lie about
what I did, I said, "Well, your prophet
is because he went around women
and treating women.
So, open your mouths and I'll bring
receipts, facts about your prophet."
All right. So there you go. You can clip
this part. He ran away like Aisha did.
>> Sam, you're a coward. You're nothing to
us. You were in person in front of me
and you ran from me.
>> We don't think of the persons. There's a
hypoatic distinction.
>> You talk a lot when you're alone at
home, sitting in your bathroom or your
living room live streaming or if you're
sitting on a podcast by yourself. PBD,
why don't you invite one of us to be in
front of him? Because you knew he'd run.
Come
>> your description of
>> Come, man. You look You look like you're
bored, man. Videos are online. I called
you and you ran like a coward because
you only get brave when you're by
yourself when you got a mute button.
PBD, it was unfair for you to put him on
by himself without us being there
because you know you're a coward and
he's a coward. I'm calling you out
again. I called you out of New York.
We're here in New York against a
challenge out to all the Islamophobes.
Where they at? They just talk.
>> I called you out online.
>> Message for Sam Sherwood.
>> Sam, where you at, man? You keep talking
online, but when you saw me, you ran.
>> I called you out face to face in San
Diego.
>> Sam, come to my house. Eat food with me.
Drink tea. We can sit down.
>> My right.
>> Sam, I'm calling you out again. We're
going to set up a live stream. Come on,
debate us. No Muslim is afraid from you.
You ran before and you're going to run
again.
Sam,
>> I was waiting for these guys to
>> All right. How you doing? You mind?
Should I call you? Come here.